o quickly populate your shop system with data such as product information, customers, categories, etc., you can import it from the .csv files. To import your data, you can use console commands to either run an individual data importer or import multiple data in bulk.
:::(Info) (Info)
Before you can use console commands to run import, you need to identify and, if needed, [enable an existing data importer](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/data-importers-review-implementation) you want to use or [create a new one](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/ht-data-import).
:::

To **import individual data**, you need to run `console data:import:{data_entity}` where `{data_entity}` is a specific data importer in the [default .yml configuration file](#{yml}). See Console Commands to run Import and description of `console data:import:{data_entity}` for details on the command.

There are two ways of how you can run import in bulk:

* Import all data specified in the default .yml import configuration file.
* Import data specified in a custom .yml import configuration file.

As you can see, for both of the import types you need a **data import .yml configuration file**. <a name="yml"></a>The .yml import configuration file defines the data importers that will be executed (`data_entity: {data_type_value_1}`), as well as indicates the path to a .csv file with the import data (`source: {source_value_1}`). 

:::(Info) (Info)
If the source is not specified, then the .csv file defined in the module’s configuration file will be used. For example, for the [StockDataImport](https://github.com/spryker/stock-data-import/tree/aff1b706e7a0fb0db441b13d5c6a471e4d75cb49/src/Spryker/Zed/StockDataImport) module the .csv import file is defined in [StockDataImportConfig.php](https://github.com/spryker/stock-data-import/blob/aff1b706e7a0fb0db441b13d5c6a471e4d75cb49/src/Spryker/Zed/StockDataImport/StockDataImportConfig.php).
:::

Example of a .yml file:

```
actions:
  - data_entity: customer
    source: data/import/customer.csv
  - data_entity: product-abstract
    source: data/import/icecat_biz_data/product_abstract.csv
  - data_entity: product-concrete
    source: data/import/icecat_biz_data/product_concrete.csv
  - data_entity: product-relation
    source: data/import/product_relation.csv
```
:::(Info) (Info)
Importers listed in the .yml file are run in the same order as in the .yml file. So for the example above, the order of import would be:

1. customer
2. product-abstract
3. product-concrete
4. product-relation
:::

## Default .yml Import Configuration File
The Spryker Commerce OS has the default .yml configuration files that include all importers you typically need for your shop. They reside in `data/import/config` and group importers of specific functional entities. For example, [catalog_setup_import_config.yml](https://github.com/spryker-shop/suite/blob/master/data/import/config/catalog_setup_import_config.yml) contains a group of importers with product-related data you need to create a product catalog and start selling products.

For your shop, you can create your own default .yml import configuration file and specify a path to it in `DataImportConfig::getDefaultYamlConfigPath()`. This .yml file will be used as the default one every time you run console data:import. See Console Commands to run Import and description of `console data:import` for details on the command.

## Custom .yml Import Configuration File

## Console Commands to run Import