Nowadays, to keep up with the global e-commerce pace, one shouldn't only be able to attract customers but bring repetitive business to their shop. There are many tools to do that, and the *Availability Notification* feature is one of them.
This feature is shipped in the form of a newsletter to which customers can subscribe if a product is not available. This newsletter informs the customers who subscribed to it once the product is available again. It brings value to the customers and creates one more touchpoint for their interaction with your shop. As a shop administrator, you can see what product there is a demand for by the number of subscribers and fulfill the demand. So, this is a win-win situation where customers are provided with a convenient tool to request a replenishment and get notified once it is done while you get to be the one who sells them the requested products. Essentially, this feature enables you to respond quickly to the market's demands and keep your customers informed.


## If you are:

<div class="mr-container">
    <div class="mr-list-container">
        <!-- col1 -->
        <div class="mr-col">
            <ul class="mr-list mr-list-green">
                <li class="mr-title">Developer</li>
                <li><a href="https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/availability-notification-feature-overview" class="mr-link">Get a general idea of the Availability Notification feature</a></li>
                <li><a href="https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/managing-availability-notifications" class="mr-link">Manage availability notifications via Glue API</a></li>
                <li><a href="https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/availability-notifications-module-relations" class="mr-link">See the module relations for the Availability Notifications feature</a></li>
                <li><a href="https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/retrieving-subscriptions-to-availability-notifications" class="mr-link">Retrieve subscriptions to availability notifications via Glue API</a></li>                
                <li><a href="https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/availability-notification-feature-integration" class="mr-link">Integrate the Availability Notification feature</a></li>
                <li><a href="https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/glue-api-availability-notification-feature-integration" class="mr-link">Integrate the Availability Notification Glue API</a></li>
            </ul>
        </div>
        </div>
</div> 






