Slots are used to embed content into pages to which [templates with slots](https://documentation.spryker.com/v4/docs/templates-slots-feature-overview ) are applied.

In the Slots page, you can:

* overview the list of templates of Storefront pages;
* overview the list of slots;
* activate or deactivate slots.
* overview the list of CMS blocks assigned to a slot;
* assign CMS blocks to a slot;
* change the order of CMS blocks assigned to a slot;
* delete a CMS Block assignment;
* view an assigned CMS Block;
* select the pages in which a CMS Block is displayed.

@(Info)(Info)(By default, upon entering the page:<ul><li>The first template from the **List of Templates** is selected by default. Its slots are displayed in the **List of Slots for [name] Template**. Click on a different template to display the slots assigned to it.</li><li>The first slot from the **List of Slots for Template [name]** is selected by default. Its assigned CMS blocks are displayed in the **List of assigned Blocks for [name] Slot**. Click on a different slot to display the blocks assigned to it.</li><li>The first CMS Block from the **List of Blocks for Slot [name]** is selected by default. In the **Product Pages** field, you can see the pages in which this CMS block is displayed. Click on a different CMS block to display its pages.</li></ul>)

@(Info)(Info)(You can work with slots after the [Templates & Slots feature has been integrated](https://documentation.spryker.com/v4/docs/cms-feature-integration-guide) into your project.)
***
**What's next?**

To know more about how to activate or deactivate slots, assign CMS blocks to a slot, change the order of CMS blocks assigned to a slot, delete an assignment or select the pages in which a CMS block is displayed, see [Managing Slots](https://documentation.spryker.com/v4/docs/managing-slots). 
To learn more about attributes you can see in the Slots page, see the [Slots: Reference Information](https://documentation.spryker.com/v4/docs/slots-reference-information) section. 