If you are not satisfied with the order items received from the seller or don’t need the items anymore, and the items are [returnable](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/return-management-feature-overview) according to the Return Policy, you can return them. 

:::(Info) (Info)
If you placed the order as a **guest user**, you can not create the return by yourself. In this case, ask the Customer Support representative to create a return for you.
:::

To return items from your order:

1. Go to *My Account > Order History*. 
2. Click the return arrow next to the order you want to return. This takes you to the *Create Return* page.

:::(Info) (Info)
You can also access the *Create Return* page from the *Order Details* page. To access the *Order Details* page, go to  *My Account > Order History* and click **View Order**. Clicking **Create Return** in the top right corner of the *Order Details* page takes you to the *Create Return* page.
:::

3. Select the item(s) you want to return and, optionally, a reason for the return.
:::(Warning) (Note)
For a [Configurable Bundle](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/configurable-bundle-feature-overview), you can’t select to return an entire Configurable Bundle, but you can select to return separate items from it.
The [Product Bundles](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/product-bundle), on the contrary, are handled as one product, so only the whole bundle can be returned. You can not return individual items of a Product Bundle.
:::

4. Click **Create Return**. This takes you to the *Return Details* page which contains all the information on your return.

**What’s next?**

* To print the return slip for the created return, see [Shop Guide - Printing a Return Slip](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/shop-guide-printing-a-return-slip).
* To learn about the attributes of the *Return Details* page, see [Shop Guide - Return Details: Reference Information](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/return-details-reference-information).

 