Like any legal texts, Service Level Agreements (SLAs) can be hard to understand for the uninitiated. We strive to keep our SLAs clear and comprehenisve, but sometimes it is  better to explain some core concepts more verbose.

## What we expect from you
Fulfilling SLA is a two way street and we cannot achieve good results without you. The following is what we expect form our customers.

### Keeping Spryker environments up-to-date
We generally expect our customers to keep their Spryker environment up to date. The reason for this is has multiple layers.
We release updates to introduce new features, performance improvements and security enhancements. Especially the last ones you do not want to miss. We want our customers to have fast, responsive and more secure shops. 
Up to date code generally means more stability, better support and compatibility for 3rd party applications. If you use the latest versions, it means that you are using the best and most up-to-date version of code we have to offer. Looking at the motiviations to keep up-to-.date listed above, this is not only good for you, it is good for us too. Working with project that have recent code means that we have an easiser time understanding what is going on. This reduces case resolution time and makes communication between you, Spryker Support and Development much easier.

### Keep it in English
At Spryker people from around the world work together to provide oustanding products and services. To faciliate communication flow and reduce barriers, we decided to make English our business language. When getting in contact with Spryker Support, we ask you to do the same.

### Report problems in a timely manner
If you discover a problem with Spryker Software, please let us know immediatelly. Please avoid ignoring a problem that you find, or work around it without reporting it to us. Not only would this prevent us from making our software better, but your workaround might not be maintainable and could cause you problems with upgradability or reduce your fexibility sometime in the future.

### Bring the right infomation
Please ensure that every case you open with us includes the infomation we need to work on it. Take a look [here](https://documentation.spryker.com/v6/docs/how-to-get-the-most-out-of-spryker-support) to learn what info matters most.

## What you can expect from us
In our SLAs, we guarantee certain [First Response Times](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/how-spryker-support-works-1#first-response-time)
you can expect us to react to your cases within the time that is specified in your SLA. While we work to resolve high priority issues as fast as possible, we do not and cannot guarantee resolution times for the issues your open with us because  of the breadth of cases we offer to work on.

## What else can you do to avoid problems?
There is a number of things you can do to avoid problem

### Keep updated on Spryker
Keeping your Spryker environment up to date is important, but it is equally important to keep your knowledge about what is going on with Spryker updated, too.
Our Spryker Slack Community, vibrant hub for people using Spryker, is a perfect platfrom to use. It is also a place where people come to discuss. We would like to invite every customer to join and contribute actively. Often you will hear the latest news first there. Also, subscribe to our new newsletter (soon to come) and be sure to check out our Technical News Page (soon to come), for the latest important news.