Queue data import allows to import data via message queues. It increases data import performance by using performance-related abilities and properties of message queues, like:

* Parallel message consumption by multiple consumers using round-robin.
* Fast transmitting of large amounts of data.
* Bulk message processing.

Also, queue data import allows you to use different import groups.

For information on how to replace a default data importer with a queue data importer, see [Queue data importer tutorial](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/queue-data-importer-tutorial).

## Why do you need it?
Mainly, it is used to import data in parallel. Once data is stored in a queue, it can be consumed by several consumers at a time, thus roughly dividing total import execution time by the number of consumers.

## How does it work?
Regular data import is done as a single-step process: data is read from a data source and then stored in a persistent storage (usually a database).

Queue data import is designed to be done in two separate steps.

1. Data is relocated from the original data source into the queues. Each resource, like abstract product data, is imported into a dedicated queue without pre-processing.
2. The data in a queue is consumed and imported into a persistent storage. If you already have data in the queues, skip this part and check [Queue data importer tutorial](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/queue-data-importer-tutorial#queue-data-importer-tutorial). 


## Export data from CSV to queue 
If your data are already provided in CSV format, they can be imported via  new Spryker Dataimport feature to the queues
The *DataImport* module was extended with the new classes that are responsible for providing the preconfigured queue writer instances to the data import facilities. It is completely configured on the project level.

To be able to import data into a message queue, an instance of `Spryker\Zed\DataImport\Business\DataWriter\QueueWriter\QueueWriter` should be used as a data writer during import. Two pieces of configuration have to be provided to a queue writer's `::write()` method:

1. Queue name—a name of the resource-based queue which will store the imported data between the steps (i.e. `import.product_abstract`).
2. Chunk size—the size of the chunks in which the data will be written to a queue.

First, a dedicated configuration method has to be defined in `Pyz\Zed\DataImport\DataImportConfig`:

**Pyz\Zed\DataImport\DataImportConfig**

```php
<?php
.....
use Spryker\Zed\DataImport\DataImportConfig as SprykerDataImportConfig;
.....
 
class DataImportConfig extends SprykerDataImportConfig
{
    public const PRODUCT_ABSTRACT_QUEUE = 'import.product_abstract';
    public const PRODUCT_ABSTRACT_QUEUE_ERROR = 'import.product_abstract.error';
 
    .....
 
    public function getProductAbstractQueueWriterConfiguration(): DataImporterQueueWriterConfigurationTransfer
    {
        return (new QueueWriterConfigurationTransfer())
            ->setQueueName(static::PRODUCT_ABSTRACT_QUEUE)
            ->setChunkSize($this->getQueueWriterChunkSize());
    }
    .....
}
```

Here, you need to specify the names for the queues:

1. The main queue, which will hold the data.
1. The error queue (the name of the main queue suffixed with .error).

You need to specify the name for the method, which will create an instance of `DataImportQueueWriterConfigurationTransfer` and initialize it with the main queue name and the size of a chunk data will be written in.

Next, a plugin class, which will configure and hook up queue writer with data importer, needs to be created. This plugin must extend `Spryker\Zed\DataImport\Communication\Plugin\AbstractQueueWriterPlugin` and has to provide implementations for its two abstract methods:

**Pyz\Zed\DataImport\Communication\Plugin\ProductAbstract\ProductAbstractQueueWriterPlugin**

```php
<?php

use Spryker\Zed\DataImport\Communication\Plugin\AbstractQueueWriterPlugin;
.....
 
/**
 * @method \Pyz\Zed\DataImport\DataImportConfig getConfig()
 */
class ProductAbstractQueueWriterPlugin extends AbstractQueueWriterPlugin
{
    protected function getQueueName(): string
    {
        return $this->getConfig()->getProductAbstractQueueWriterConfiguration()->getQueueName();
    }
 
    protected function getChunkSize(): int
    {
        return $this->getConfig()->getProductAbstractQueueWriterConfiguration()->getChunkSize();
    }
}
```

The plugin should call the newly created method from the config class, thus providing the configuration values to the queue writer instance.

:::(Warning) (Note)
Additional plugins must be created for other resources, should they need to be imported with the help of message queues.
:::

After that, the names of the new queues need to be added to the `RabbitMq` module configuration class. Go to `Pyz\Client\RabbitMq\RabbitMqConfig` and register the new queues for the resource.

**Pyz\Client\RabbitMq\RabbitMqConfig**

```php
<?php

use Spryker\Zed\DataImport\DataImportConfig;
  
.....
  
/**
 * @return \ArrayObject
 */
protected function getQueueOptions()
{
    .....
    //Queue data import
    $queueOptionCollection->append($this->createQueueOption(DataImportConfig::PRODUCT_ABSTRACT_QUEUE, DataImportConfig::PRODUCT_ABSTRACT_QUEUE_ERROR));
    ......
  
    return $queueOptionCollection;
}
```

The last step is to enable queue data import. Go to `Pyz\Zed\DataImport\Business\DataImportBusinessFactory`.

First of all, remove all the old code related to importing the selected resource data.

Then, add a method for creating `DataSetWriterCollection` based on that plugin and another one for creating the data importer, which will work on top of this collection. Add a call to this method to `DataImportBusinessFactory::getImporter()`.

**Pyz\Zed\DataImport\Business\DataImportBusinessFactory**

```php
<?php

use Pyz\Zed\DataImport\DataImportConfig;
use Pyz\Zed\DataImport\Communication\Plugin\ProductAbstract\ProductAbstractQueueWriterPlugin;
  
class DataImportBusinessFactory extends SprykerDataImportBusinessFactory
{
    .....
    public function getImporter()
    {
        $dataImporterCollection = $this->createDataImporterCollection();
        .....
        $dataImporterCollection->addDataImporter($this->getProductAbstractQueueWriter());
        .....
        return $dataImporterCollection;
    }
  
    public function getProductAbstractQueueWriter()
    {
        $dataImporter = $this->getCsvDataImporterWriterAwareFromConfig($this->getConfig()->getProductAbstractDataImporterConfiguration());
        $dataImporter->setImportGroup(DataImportConfig::IMPORT_GROUP_QUEUE_WRITERS);
        $dataImporter->setDataSetWriter($this->createProductAbstractQueueDataImportWriters());
  
        return $dataImporter;
    }
  
    protected function createProductAbstractQueueDataImportWriters(): DataSetWriterInterface
    {
        return new DataSetWriterCollection($this->createProductAbstractQueueWriterPlugins());
    }
  
    protected function createProductAbstractQueueWriterPlugins(): array
    {
        return [
            new ProductAbstractQueueWriterPlugin(),
        ];
    }
    .....
}
```

Pay attention to the `::setImportGroup()` method call on the data importer instance. By calling this method, an import group can be set for each separate data import. Import groups allow you to run importers separately on a per-group basis by supplying the group name as an option for the data import console command. Three groups are supported out of the box: *FULL*, *QUEUEREADERS*, *QUEUEWRITERS*. With no call to `::setImportGroup`, data importer is placed into the FULL group by default.
:::(Warning) (Note)
It is not recommended to use the QUEUE_READERS group. This executes all the configured queue importers during one import run. Because in a lot of scenarios the order, in which the data is imported, matters and because of the possibility of the race condition, this can lead to various malfunctions/inconsistencies in the imported data. We recommend structuring the import process in a way that would allow importing data with the help of the message queues apart from other imported resources.
:::

Now, whenever you run `vendor/bin/console data:import` with the `--group` option set to QUEUE_WRITERS, product abstract data will be stored in the dedicated queue.

```bash
vendor/bin/console data:import --group=QUEUE_WRITERS
```
:::(Error) (Important!)
Import groups should not be used together with import types. For example, this command is illegal and will lead to an exception:
```bash
vendor/bin/console data:import:product-abstract --group=QUEUE_WRITERS
```
:::

:::(Warning) (Note)
We also highly recommend preparing the properly structured data for the import in queues from the very beginning instead of actually importing it from CSV, XML, etc., as the first step. In this case, a queue can be treated as an original source of data for import which would make the overall process more convenient. 
:::
