## Upgrading from version 2.* to version 4.*
@(Info)()(In order to dismantle the Horizontal Barrier and enable partial module updates on projects, a Technical Release took place. Public API of source and target major versions are equal. No migration efforts are required. Please [contact us](https://support.spryker.com/hc/en-us) if you have any questions.)

## Upgrading from version 1.* to version 2.*
There are new functionalities and changes that were added in this new module release. First of all, the changes imply implementation of the Price Dimension concept as well as adding of Service layerwith PriceProductService. See [PriceProduct module details: Reference information](https://documentation.spryker.com/v6/docs/priceproduct-module-details-reference-information#priceproductservice) for details.

In the previous version of the PriceProduct module, a product had only one price per store (and multi-currency) with gross and net amounts.
By adding the [Price dimension](https://documentation.spryker.com/v6/docs/priceproduct-module-details-reference-information#price-dimension) concept to the new release, you can set specific prices for each customer separately. Having logged in, user with these specific prices will see another prices in Catalog and will be able to buy products for own price.

To save BC, we have implemented Default Price Dimension inside the new `PriceProduct` module, so all prices imported by new `PriceProductDataImport` will be in the Default Price Dimension. See [Prices per Merchant Relation](https://documentation.spryker.com/v4/docs/price-per-merchant-relation-feature-overview) to learn more about the price dimension.
Prices from price dimensions could be stored not only in DB, but also in Storage, therefore the update of the `PriceProductStorage` module was necessary. The new version 2.0.0 of the `PriceProduct` module already supports price dimensions and has Default Price Dimension implemented.

To migrate the changes to the module, do the following:

1. Upgrade your Database structure

- Run 

```bash
console propel:install
```

2. Enable the new `PriceProductDataImport` module

To enable the new price importer you need to
- remove project level `PriceProductDataImport` (`Pyz\Zed\DataImport\Business\Model\ProductPrice\ProductPriceWriterStep`) from `\Pyz\Zed\DataImport\Business\DataImportBusinessFactory`;
- install the new importer module:

```bash
composer install spryker/price-product-data-import
```

- enable the new module by adding
`\Spryker\Zed\PriceProductDataImport\Communication\Plugin\PriceProductDataImportPlugin` to `\Pyz\Zed\DataImport\DataImportDependencyProvider::getDataImporterPlugins()`

If you have customized `PriceProductDataImport` on project level, you are still able to continue use it. The only change needed is:
- add `$this->savePriceProductDefault($priceProductStoreEntity->getPrimaryKey());` at the end of your `PriceProductWriterStep`

```php
/**
 * @param string $idPriceProductStore
 *
 * @return void
 */
protected function savePriceProductDefault(string $idPriceProductStore): void
{
    $priceProductDefaultEntity = SpyPriceProductDefaultQuery::create()
        ->filterByFkPriceProductStore($idPriceProductStore)
        ->findOneOrCreate();
    if ($priceProductDefaultEntity->isNew()) {
        $priceProductDefaultEntity->save();
    }
}
```

3. Update PriceProductStorage

- Run

```bash
composer require spryker/price-product-storage:"^2.0.0"
```

Now that the module supports plugins for reading prices from different price dimensions, you can put your own plugins here: 
`\Pyz\Client\PriceProductStorage\PriceProductStorageDependencyProvider::getPriceDimensionStorageReaderPlugins()`


