Spryker supports a number of test helpers to assist you in testing your project. This article lists the supported helpers.

## TwigHelper
Adds the `TwigApplicationPlugin` to your test suite and offers methods to add the `TwigPluginInterface` and `TwigLoaderPluginInterface` plugin interfaces.

## EventDispatcherHelper
Adds the `EventDispatcherApplicationPlugin` to your test suite and provides methods to create events.

## Propel TransactionHelper
Ensures that a connection to the database can be established. Additionally, this helper wraps each test in a transaction. This will let you test against the database without having to mock the database away and rollback after each test.

## Testify Helpers
[Testify](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/testify) offers many useful helpers that will especially help you with setting up the infrastructure for your tests.

### Shared Helpers
Shared helpers can be used for all application tests.

#### ConfigHelper

This helper lets you easily mock configurations and gives you access to the ModuleConfig.
To find out the ModuleConfig of the current module under test, run
```
$this->tester->getModuleConfig()
```

Manipulating the configuration can be done with:

- `\SprykerTest\Shared\Testify\Helper\ConfigHelper::mockEnvironmentConfig()`: mock an environment specific configuration here.

- `\SprykerTest\Shared\Testify\Helper\ConfigHelper::mockConfigMethod()`:   mock a return value of the ModuleConfig method here.
   
- `\SprykerTest\Shared\Testify\Helper\ConfigHelper::mockSharedConfigMethod`: mock a return value of a SharedModuleConfig here.


#### VirtualFilesystemHelper
This helper lets you mock away the real filesystem.

`\SprykerTest\Shared\Testify\Helper\VirtualFilesystemHelper::getVirtualDirectory()` returns a string that points to a virtual directory. 

`\SprykerTest\Shared\Testify\Helper\VirtualFilesystemHelper::getVirtualDirectoryContents()` returns the contents of the virtual directory.

There are also some `assert*()` methods that can be used to do assertions for your tests.

:::(Info) ()
More information on this helper will follow soon.
:::

### Zed Helpers
Zed helpers can only be used for testing the Zed application.

#### DependencyProviderHelper
Allows to easily mock dependencies required for your tests.

#### BusinessHelper
Allows to easily mock and access business layer classes like BusinessFactory.

#### CommunicationHelper
Allows to easily mock and access communication layer classes like the CommunicationFactory.

#### TableHelper
Allows to easily work with tables rendered on pages.

### Yves Helpers
Yves helpers can only be used for testing the Yves application.

#### FactoryHelper
Allows to easily mock and access the Factory.

#### DependencyProviderHelper
Allows to easily mock dependencies required for your tests.