Let your customers shop for special product sets that can be manually curated based on any characteristic of the products you wish. The "Shop-the-Look" function is a prominent example of a Product Set, where you can build a collection of items based on relations or recommendations. This feature allows you to build a collection of items based on a curated collection like a stationary set for your customers’ workspace, set of clothing or accessories, or furniture for a specific room. Product Sets come with their own standalone catalog and detail pages for the shop. You can freely define an order of appearance of products within a set and on the catalog page. Also, Product Sets can be placed in CMS placeholders to place them throughout your shop. Your customers can select variants per product, add an individual product from a set and or all products from the set to the cart with one click.

Multiple products can be offered as a set so that the customer can add them to cart with a single click. Each set has it's own URL and all sets can be shown on a separate section in the catalog.

* Dedicated catalog for product sets with adjustable order of the sets by weight parameter
* Product set page with variant selector (for products with multiple variants), SEO meta data and images per set
* Place product sets in cms placeholders


For more details on product sets, check the video:
<iframe src="https://spryker.wistia.com/medias/9co7uw35a9" title="Product Set" allowtransparency="true" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" class="wistia_embed" name="wistia_embed" allowfullscreen="0" mozallowfullscreen="0" webkitallowfullscreen="0" oallowfullscreen="0" msallowfullscreen="0" width="720" height="480"></iframe>

### Current Constraints
Currently, the feature has the following functional constraints which are going to be resolved in the future:

* Product sets are shared across all the stores of a project.
* You cannot restrict availability of a product set to a store.