The super attribute is the only way to tell Spryker that a product contains multiple variants (or concrete products) to allow your customer to select the right product.
Spryker supports an unlimited amount of super attributes for a given abstract product. See below to understand how abstract and concrete products work with super attributes.

## Hierarchy of products
In Spryker, you have 2 product levels:

* Abstract
* Concrete

An abstract product can contain one or more concrete products. You can only link a concrete product to one abstract product.

### Differences between the levels
Abstract product is the level where all the information about the product is located, such as title, description, images, prices, brand.
Concrete product is the level where all divergent information compared to the abstract product are located such as size, color, images, prices. It is the level where the stock for the product is defined. It is the only level where super attributes must be defined.

### Inheritance between levels
Whenever Spryker must display some information about a concrete product, it will execute the following logic.

We merge the information of the abstract product with the information of the concrete product. Information from the concrete product is more important than the information about the abstract product.

## Use cases
### Case number 1
If you sell books, most of the time, they do not have variations. So you will structure it in Spryker as one abstract product and one concrete product.
The abstract product will contain all information about the product. The concrete product will only hold the stock information.

### Case number 2
You sell a product in two colors (blue and green). You will structure the product in Spryker as one abstract product and two concrete products. The green variant is more expensive than the blue one. Here you must use a super attribute to allow Spryker to offer a switch to your customer so that they can select which variant they want to buy.
The abstract product will contain all information about the product.

* The blue variant will only hold the stock information and a color super attribute (blue value).
* The green variant will hold the stock information and a color super attribute (green value) and a different price than the abstract product.

### Case number 3
You sell a product in five colors, four sizes, and three materials. You can have up to 5 x 4 x 3 = 60 variants to support all combinations. You can structure the product in Spryker as one abstract product and up to 60 concrete products, or you can use the Product Group feature to have five abstract product (one for each color), and each abstract product will contain up to 12 concrete products (combinations for the sizes and the materials).
The abstract product will contain all information about the product.

* Each variant will only hold the stock information and the super attribute values for color, size, and material.