The following document covers working with guest carts.

Guest carts come with an expiration date, which means that unregistered users can use their carts only for a limited time frame. After the lifetime of a guest cart expires, it is deleted by the system automatically. It is up to you to decide, how long you want them to be saved. Also, with the introduction of the Carts API, comes the possibility to persist guest carts. While carts for registered customers have always been persisted, the introduction of the API brings the possibility to persist carts of guest customers.

Only one cart can be created for each guest customer.

:::(Info) (Info)
See Managing Carts of Registered Users to learn how you can manage carts of registered users via Glue API.
:::

## Installation
For detailed information on the modules that provide the API functionality and related installation instructions, see:
* [Carts API](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/cart-feature-integration)
* [Glue API: Measurement Units Feature Integration](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/glue-api-measurement-units-feature-integration)
* [Promotions & Discounts API](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/glue-promotions-discounts-feature-integration)

## Resources for Accessing Guest Carts
The `/guest-carts` and `/guest-cart-items` resources provide endpoints to manage carts of users who haven't yet registered in the system or authenticated with the Glue REST API. Such carts provide the possibility for users to place items on a cart without the necessity to provide any registration information.

Each guest customer is identified by the value of the **X-Anonymous-Customer-Unique-Id** header. The header needs to be passed with each request related to a guest user. Glue REST API does not assign unique IDs to guest customer users. It is the responsibility of the API client to generate and manage unique IDs for all guest user sessions.