@(Error)(Attention!)(The latest version of this feature can be found at [Business On Behalf Feature Overview](https://documentation.spryker.com/v4/docs/business-on-behalf-feature-overview-201903).)
Business unit includes a number of company users that have certain permissions within the business unit. For more information about business units, see [Business Unit Management](https://documentation.spryker.com/v4/docs/business-unit-management). This feature allows having multiple company users per customer account and provides a possibility to select 1 company user as default company user.
Database relations before any changes were applied used to be schematically represented as follows:

The Customer data is connected to the Company User in a one-to-one relationship. Thus, a customer account could only be linked to a one company user account.
The aim of the Business on Behalf feature is having one-to-many relationships:

Thus, a single user has an ability to be logged in to several company accounts and manage all of them via a browser window.
@(Info)(Prerequisite)( Only customers having more than one Company user accounts are able to make use of the feature.)
In the header section, the customer can see the Name of the company &amp; Name of the Business Unit they are currently operating in (e.g. Test-company / Business Unit 1).

Clicking on the menu item in the Customer Account in the shop application navigates the customer to the **Change Company User** page where they can:
see all company user accounts assigned to the customer by Name of Company & Name of the Business Unit (Format: COMPANY NAME / BUSINESS UNIT NAME).choose in the drop-down one of the company user accounts.

**No company** value in the drop-down means that the user is yet logged in to no company accounts.
To make the selection as a default, you will need to tick **Remember Choice** option.