Originally, *Silex* was used to integrate Symfony Components with Spryker using _Service Providers_. Also, there are multiple other Service Providers added by Spryker and customer projects to bootstrap the application. Such providers implement *Symfony components* and other entities by adding them to the *Pimple container*. Since Silex project is abandoned and the Pimple version is outdated, we intend to replace them with a Spryker solution.

## What are we replacing?
We are going to replace `silex/silex` and `pimple/pimple`.

To be able to replace Silex, we need to remove all the  dependencies on the abandoned `silex/silex` project in Spryker version `1.3.6`. The Spryker code will be refactored gradually until it is independent of Silex. 

We added a new Spryker application to replace Silex and a container to repalce Pimple.

## Is Silex replacement backward compatible?
To avoid forcing an immediate update of a majority of modules, we introduced several small changes, which are backward compatible.

As Silex used to be an instance of Pimple with all services attached to, we introduced our own _Container_ that implements the `ContainerInterface` from [PSR-11](https://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-11/). Additionally, we added a mock class for Pimple that further extends the Container. The mock class allows us to keep using the `\Pimple;` `USE` statement without the `pimple/pimple` package. In this case, we don't have to refactor the code that has Pimple dependencies and all the changes are backward compatible.

:::(Warning) ()
We moved the dependency to `spryker/silex` to `require-dev` in all Spryker modules.
 When you update a module partially, you might have to add `spryker/silex` to your root `composer.json`. 
:::

## What will change?

This section describes the changes caused by the Silex migration.


### Application plugins

Since `ServiceProviderInterface` is not provided anymore, any code that implements it has to be migrated to the new model. 

To provide a proper replacement for each Service Provider, we introduce *Application plugins*. An Application plugin is a plugin that integrates a service like Twig, Form, Security, or Routing into the application. Each plugin is added to the corresponding `ApplicationDependencyProvider`.

:::(Warning) ()
If you use `ServiceProviderInterface`, make sure to include `spryker/silex` as a `require` dependecy on the project level.
:::

### Service extension

Silex allowed extending or overwriting existing services. Now, instead of adding multiple Service Providers, you can use extension points for the services. If a service like Twig is added as an Application plugin, it has its own extension interface.

### Existing service providers

Existing Service Providers remain unchanged. New services are added as Application plugins. The application plugins have extension points to add or change the functionality.

## What do you need to update?

You need to update several modules and other packages. The main modules that should be updated are `spryker/silex`, `spryker/application`, and `spryker/container`. However, we recommend updating all the outdated modules. The minimum versions that allow migrating from Silex and Pimple are as follows:
*   `spryker/application` >= `3.13.2`
*   `spryker/container` >= `1.1.0`
*   `spryker/silex` >= `2.1.0`
*   `spryker/symfony` >= `3.2.2`
*   `spryker-shop/shop-application` >= `1.4.1`
:::(Info) ()
The versions above are the minimum requirements. We recommend updating all the modules to the latest versions.
:::

In some older Spryker Commerce OS or Spryker Demoshop versions, there can be dependencies in the `composer.json`. If your project is based on such a version, make sure that the mentioned modules do not appear as project dependencies and that there are no constraint points to `silex/silex`, `spryker/pimple`, or `pimple/pimple`.
:::(Info) ()
Under certain circumstances, an update does not contain the latest versions of the required Spryker modules. To find out why they are not installed, you can use the `why` and `why-not` Composer commands. They will help you to update the dependencies.
:::
### Specific services
We refactored the modules below to use Application plugins. There are additional steps required to migrate the modules to the latest version. 

Find the list of module and migration guides below:

| header | header |
| --- | --- |
| ErrorHandler | [Migration guide - ErrorHandler](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/migration-guide-errorhandler) |
| EventDispatcher | [Migration guide - EventDispatcher](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/migration-guide-eventdispatcher) |
| Form | [Migration guide - Form](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/migration-guide-form) |
| Http | [Migration guide - Http](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/migration-guide-http) |
| Locale | [Migration guide - Locale](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/migration-guide-locale) |
|Propel | [Migration guide - Propel](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/migration-guide-propel) |
| Messenger | [Migration guide - Messenger](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/migration-guide-messenger) |
|Router | [Migration guide - Router](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/migration-guide-router) |
| Security| [Migration guide -Security](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/migration-guide-security) |
|Session | [Migration guide - Session](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/migration-guide-session) |
| Store | [Migration guide - Store](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/migration-guide-store) |
| Translator | [Migration guide - Translator](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/migration-guide-translator) |
| Twig | [Migration guide -Twig](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/migration-guide-twig) |
| Validator | [Migration guide - Validator](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/migration-guide-validator) |
| WebProfiler | [Migration guide - WebProfiler](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/migration-guide-webprofiler) |

## How to extend or change services?
To extend a service, use the extension interface of the respective service. For example, The `Twig` module contains `TwigApplicationPlugin`. The `TwigExtension` module brings at least one interface that can be used to extend Twig. To extend it, add `TwigApplicationPlugin` to `ApplicationDependencyProvider`. To extend Twig further, add a plugin to `TwigDependencyProvider`.

You can still extend serviceы via Service providers. 

## Removing Silex completely

To remove Silex:

1. Update the modules from [Make Silex optional](https://api.release.spryker.com/release-group/2589).
2. In `public/Glue/index.php` replace `Pyz\Glue\GlueApplication\Bootstrap\GlueBootstrap` with `Spryker\Glue\GlueApplication\Bootstrap\GlueBootstrap`. 
3. Add `Spryker\Shared\Http\Plugin\EventDispatcher\ResponseListenerEventDispatcherPlugin` to `\Pyz\Glue\EventDispatcher\EventDispatcherDependencyProvider::getEventDispatcherPlugins()`.
4. Add `Spryker\Glue\Http\Plugin\Application\HttpApplicationPlugin` to `\Pyz\Glue\GlueApplication\GlueApplicationDependencyProvider::getApplicationPlugins()`.
5. Remove the `Pimple` plugin everywhere. To access an [Application](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/application-201903) service, use `$container->getApplicationService('service id');` in the `DependencyProvider`. Then, you can retrieve it within the modules Factory with `$this->getProvidedDependency()`.

6. Add `Spryker\Shared\Http\Plugin\EventDispatcher\ResponseListenerEventDispatcherPlugin` to `\Pyz\Yves\EventDispatcher\EventDispatcherDependencyProvider::getEventDispatcherPlugins()`.

7. Replace each `ServiceProvider` with the annotated replacement of the `ApplicationPlugins` defined in `\Pyz\Yves\Console\ConsoleDependencyProvider::getServiceProviders()` and add the `ApplicationPlugins` to `\Pyz\Yves\Console\ConsoleDependencyProvider::getApplicationPlugins()`.

8. Replace each `ServiceProvider` with the annotated replacement of the `ApplicationPlugins` defined in `\Pyz\Yves\ShopApplication\YvesBootstrap::getServiceProviders()` and add the `ApplicationPlugins` to `\Pyz\Yves\ShopApplication\ShopApplicationDependencyProvider::getApplicationPlugins()`.