This article describes how to create a product list.

You can consider product lists as conditions under which companies see products in a store. Let's say you want to hide some products, or even a category, from a company you've signed a contract with. You create a blacklist of those products and assign it to the company.

To start working with product lists, go to **Catalog** > **Product Lists**.

***

**To create a product list:**
1. In the top right corner of the *Overview of Product Lists* page, select **+ Create a Product List** .
2. In the *General Information* tab:
    1. For **Title**, enter a product list title.
    2. Select a **Type** of the product list.
3. Optional: In the *Assign Categories* tab, select one or more **Categories**.
4. Optional: In the *Assign Products* tab, do one of the following:
    *  Import a product list:
        1. Select **Choose File**.
        2. Select the product list file to be uploaded. 
            The file should contain the `product_list_key` and `concrete_sku` fields.

    *  Add products to the list manually:
        *    In the *Selected* column of the *Select Products to assign* table, select the products to add to the list.
 5. Select **Save**.


**Tips & Tricks**
When selecting categories, in the **Categories** field, start typing a category name to filter the existing categories.

When assigning products, you can felter products by entering a product name or SKU in the search field.

:::(Warning) (Concrete and abstract products)
If you select all the concrete products of an abstract product, the abstract product is selected too. 
If an abstract product is selected, all its concrete products are selected too.
:::


***
**What's next?**

* To learn how to manage existing product lists, see the [Managing product lists](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/managing-product-lists).
* To learn more about the attributes you select and enter while creating a product list, see the [Product lists: reference information](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/product-lists-reference-information).
