Customer account allows customers to save and quickly access the following information on the Storefront:

* contact details
* addresses
* order history
* preferences, such as language and shipping options

There are slight differences in customer accounts' information for the B2B and B2C shops. The following table describes such differences and similarities:

| Customer Account sections | B2B Shop | B2C Shop |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Overview | ✓ | ✓|
| Profile | ✓ | ✓ |
| Addresses | ✓ | ✓ |
| Order History | ✓ | ✓ |
| Newsletter | ✓ | ✓ |
| Shopping Lists | ✓ |  |
| Shopping Carts | ✓ |  |
| Wishlist |  | ✓ |

See [Customer registration feature overview](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/customer-registration-feature-overview) for details on how customer accounts can be created.

:::(Info) ()
Customers can manage their accounts directly on the Storefront side. If updates are done by a customer, the data is synchronized, and the Back Office user sees the relevant information in the **Back Office > Customers > Customers** section. The exceptions are newsletter subscription and password change, as this information is not stored in the Back Office.
:::

To comply with international regulations, customer account can be deleted by request from the customer. Shop owners can also delete a customer account through the Back Office.

:::(Warning) ()
Deleting a customer does not affect billing and order related information. Deleting an account anonymizes customer information and address data. By default, customer email addresses are anonymized, making it possible for customers to return and re-register with a completely new account.
:::

Customer Account feature in the Back Office ensures the following functionality:

* Adding notes attached for customers
* Setting a preferred locale per customer
* Deleting customer data via an anonymization mechanism
* Configuring non-linear customer reference for external communication
* Setting address books with default addresses for billing and shipping
* Sending password token through email
* Checking last orders in a shop

See [Managing customers](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/managing-customers) for details.

