Company users can share their carts with others so that multiple representatives of the same company can work together on the same order. In addition to that, users can choose what type of access they want to grant to different users.
To share and unshare user carts, you can send REST requests against the endpoints provided by the **Cart Permission Groups API** and the **Shared Carts API**.

In your development, the endpoints will help you to:
* Identify what levels of access are available in the system and display them to users;
* Identify whether a certain cart is shared;
* Identify with whom a cart is shared, and what are the levels of access granted to those users;
* Allow users to share their carts to other users;
* Allow users to stop sharing their carts when no longer needed.

## Installation
For detailed information on the modules that provide the API functionality and related installation instructions, see [Shared Carts feature integration](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/shared-carts-feature-integration).

## Shared carts
Registered users can [share](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/shared-cart) the carts owned by them with other users in their company. The feature can help them distribute the workload among their team members.

To be able to manage shared carts, you need to impersonate customers as their respective **Company User Accounts**. Upon impersonation, you will receive a bearer token that can be used to access the endpoints provided by the API.

Carts can be shared only with users that belong to the same company. As customers can impersonate themselves as multiple Company Users belonging to different companies, the available carts, as well as cart access permissions, depend on the company that a Company User Account belongs to. The active Company User can be selected when impersonating a customer as a Company User. A bearer token provided during Company User impersonation will include, among other information, the company that the user belongs to.

Each access type is represented by a **Permission Group**. There are 2 Permission Groups available out of the box: **Read-only**, and **Full access**.

## Owned and shared carts

Registered users can [share carts](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/shared-cart). Thus, a registered user has access to their own carts and the carts shared with them. 

This feature allows company users to collaborate on company purchases.

Company users can belong to different business units. This results into them having access to a different set of shared carts. 

To authenticate as a company user, you need to authenticate as a customer first. In such as combination, you can have access to your own carts and the carts shared with the company user. 


Shared carts can be accessed and manipulated the same as regular carts. The only difference is that the list of actions that a user can perform on a shared cart depends on the permissions granted to them.

By default, there are 2 levels of permissions for shared carts: **read-only** and **full access**. If a user attempts to perform an unauthorized action on a shared cart, the API will respond with the "403 Forbidden" status code.

@(Info)(Info)(For more details, see [Retrieving Cart Permission Groups](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/sharing-company-user-carts-201907#retrieving-cart-permission-groups))

To distinguish whether a specific cart is owned by a user directly or shared with them, you need to extend the responses of the endpoints with the **cart-permission-groups** resource relationship. If a cart is shared with the user, it will contain the relationship, while if a cart is owned by the user directly, the relationship will not be present.


@(Info)(Info)(For more details, see the *Retrieving Cart Permission Groups* section in [Sharing Company User Carts](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/sharing-company-user-carts-201907){target="_blank"}.)


## Share a cart
To share a cart, send the request:

***
`POST` **/carts/{{cart-uuid}}/shared-carts**
***

### Request

| Header key | Type | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Authorization | string | ✓ | String containing digits, letters, and symbols that authorize the company user. [Authenticate as a company user](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/authenticating-as-a-company-user#authenticate-as-a-company-user) to get the value.  |

Request sample: `POST http://glue.mysprykershop.com/carts/f23f5cfa-7fde-5706-aefb-ac6c6bbadeab/shared-carts`
    
```json
{
    "data": {
        "type": "shared-carts",
        "attributes": {
            "idCompanyUser": "4c677a6b-2f65-5645-9bf8-0ef3532bead1",
            "idCartPermissionGroup": 1
        }
    }
}
```

| Attribute | Type | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| idCompanyUser | String | ✓ | Specifies the name of the company user you want to share the cart with.</br>The user must belong to the same company as the cart owner. |
| idCartPermissionGroup | Integer | ✓ | Specifies the ID of the **Cart Permission Group** that provides the desired permissions. |

### Response



Response sample:
    
```json
{
    "data": {
        "type": "shared-carts",
        "id": "4c677a6b-2f65-5645-9bf8-0ef3532bbbccaa",
        "attributes": {
            "idCompanyUser": "4c677a6b-2f65-5645-9bf8-0ef3532bead1",
            "idCartPermissionGroup": 1
        },
        "links": {
            "self": "http://glue.mysprykershop.com/shared-carts/4c677a6b-2f65-5645-9bf8-0ef3532bbbccaa"
        }
    }
}
```

| Attribute | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| id | String | Unique identifier used to for sharing the cart. |
| idCompanyUser | String | Name of the company user the cart is shared with. |
| idCartPermissionGroup | Integer | Unique identifier of the cart permission group that describes the permissions granted to the user the cart is shared with. |


## Possible Errors

| Status | Reason |
| --- | --- |
| 401 | The access token is invalid. |
| 403 | The access token is missing. |
| 404 | Cart not found. |
| 422 | Failed to share a cart. |