This topic describes how to manage global thresholds.

To start working with global thresholds, go to **Administration** > **Global threshold**.
***
## Setting up a Hard Threshold
To set up a hard threshold:
1. On the *Edit Global threshold* page, select the **Store and Currency** you want to configure a hard threhold for.
2. Enter **Enter threshold value**.
3. Enter **Message** for all the locales.
4. For the Soft Threshold, select **None** and click **Save**.

See [Threshold: Reference Information](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/threshold-reference-information) to know more about the hard threshold.

## Setting up a Soft Threshold
To set up a soft threshold:
1. On the *Edit Global threshold* page, select the **Store and Currency** you want to configure a soft threhold for.
2. In the *Hard Threshold* section, clear all the fields.
3. In the *Soft Threhold* section, select a soft threshold type.
4. Enter **Enter threshold value** and, based on the threhold type you have selected:
   * For the **Soft Threshold with fixed fee**, enter **Enter fixed fee**.
   * For the **Soft Threshold with flexible fee**, enter **Enter flexible fee**.

5. Populate the **Message** field for all the locales.
6. Click **Save**.

See [Threshold: Reference Information](https://documentation.spryker.com/docs/threshold-reference-information) to know more about the soft threshold and its types.

## Setting up Both Hard and Soft Threshold
To set up both threshold types:
1. Enter the fields both in the **Hard Threshold** and **Soft Threshold** sections following the procedures in [Setting up a Hard Threshold](#setting-up-a-hard-threshold) and [Setting up a Soft Threshold](#setting-up-a-soft-threshold)
2. Click **Save**.
